11/2/2000 (bug fix) Delete the log object when the log output window
is destroyed.

21/4/99 (bug fix) The size of the canvas is now independent from the
resolution of the display. Further, PostScript dumps should not fit
on the selected page size.

1/12/98 (bug fix) Fixed several bugs in the ip_discover.tcl script based
on comments received by Viktor Dukhovni.

29/11/98 (bug fix) Renamed trace() and notrace() to TkiTrace() and
TkiNoTrace() in order to avoid name clashes with the ncurses library.

29/10/98 (bug fix) Renamed falsh() to TkiFlash() in order to avoid name
clashes on some systems.

29/10/98 (new feature) Added two scripts (snmp_config.tcl, snmp_disman.tcl)
for looking at SNMP remote configuration and disman MIBs. These MIBs need
additional work.

6/10/98 (bug fix) Changed the code to register channels in order to
work around a bug introduced in Tcl8.0.3 which closes channels while
processing events.

23/1/98 (code cleanup) Changed the user interface of tkined so that
the tool bar looks "windowish" and requires less space. The main
window is now controlled by the grid geometry manager and dialogs
should appear centered on the screen on non UNIX platforms. The menu
bar now uses native menus and the fonts are defined by using readable
non-X11 font names.

5/3/97 (feature removed) Removed the man pages from the Help menu
because the implementation was not portable across platforms.

14/2/97 (bug fix) The scale widget was left on the canvas if the user
used commands to remove the stripchart or barchart object.

11/2/97 (NT port) Applications now use a TCP connection to exchange
messages with tkined. This seems to work on all supported platforms.

8/1/97 (feature removed) Removed the code that implemented remote
access to remote tkineds from manager.tcl.

7/1/97 (code cleanup) Changed the ip_trouble.tcl script to use the
procedures exported by the TnmInet package.

7/1/97 (code cleanup) Replaces the "ined fileselect" dialog with an
"ined openfile" and an "ined savefile" dialog which uses the native
fileselector.

7/1/96 (feature removed) Removed the Save... option of the File menu
because Save As... is more portable.

30/12/96 (new feature) The UNIX version searches for the Tkined path
using tcl_pkgPath if the build-in path does not match.

2/12/96 (bug fix) Fixed a bug where Tcl allocated memory was passed to
free() which will crash if you are using the memory debugger or it
will leak memory on Windows platforms.

2/12/96 (new feature) Added a new global tkined(tmp) variable which
contains the path to a directory where temporary files can be created.

21/11/96 (feature removed) Removed support for the TKINED_PATH
environment variable.

21/11/96 (NT port) Rewrote findfile() to search for files in a
platform independent way.

12/11/96 (NT port) Moved the code that initializes the tki(library)
path to a platform specific function. This allows to use the registry
to query installation parameters on Windows platforms. We honor the
TKINED_LIBRARY environment variable if available.

28/10/96 (code cleanup) Replaced all calls to our own file selector
dialogs with calls to the selection dialogs provided by Tk.

24/10/96 (code cleanup) Replaced all exec commands that deal with
files with the new Tcl file command options.

----------------- Released 1.1.5, 23/10/96 -----------------------

22/10/96 (new feature) Added the new optionFlashIcon option so that
people can control whether the icon of the application is allowed to
flash or not.

3/10/96 (code cleanup) Replaced the :: qualifier with __ to make sure
that Tkined can be used with [incr tcl].

----------------- Released 1.1.4, 20/9/96 -----------------------

12/9/96 (code cleanup) Removed the ncc rotating icon. It is not needed
anymore since nearly every piece of software nowadays wastes processor
cycles in this way.

12/9/96 (bug fix) Fixed the flashing icon and the handling of empty
label strings.

----------------- Released 1.4.3, 5/9/96 -----------------------

5/9/96 (bug fix) Fixed a bug which made it impossible to delete menu
objects if they do not have a tornoff menu.

----------------- Released 1.4.2, 19/7/96 -----------------------

2/9/96 (bug fix) All torn-off menus are now destroyed when the menu
object is deleted.

2/9/96 (new feature) Added a patch to implement an "ined eval" command
which allows a script to play with internals from tkined.

7/8/96 (bug fix) Fixed the computation of the bounding box for
stripchart and barchart canvas items.

30/7/96 (bug fix) Fixed a core dump which was triggered by removing
flashing objects.

----------------- Released 1.4.1, 19/7/96 -----------------------

----------------- Released 1.4.0, 10/6/96 -----------------------

6/12/95 (code cleanup) Moved all initialization stuff into tkiInit.c
which makes dynamic loadable tkineds easier.

18/11/95 (code cleanup) Complete reorganization of the source tree to
support different platforms.

23/10/95 (new feature) Added a new command to select object based on
attribute values.

22/9/95 (new feature) Added some tkined.defaults variables that
control the options menu.

14/9/5 Always display the color menu. This seems to work fine as Tk4.0
maps all colors to black on a monochrome display.

14/9/95 (bug fix) Added a INTERPRETER::delete proc to handle errors
while a new interpreter object is created. <jaques@lsil.com>

6/9/95 (new feature) You can now add attributes to LINK objects. John
P. Rouillard <rouilj@dstar.iddis.com> requested this feature.

28/8/95 (feature change) Links are now automatically removed from a
group if the src or dst of the link is removed from a group.

28/8/95 (new feature) Added a Close command proc. It will check for
the confirmExit attribute and issue a dialog for people with slow
machines.

28/8/95 (new feature) Added a --with-blt configure option to avoid
problems with broken or old blt libraries.

25/8/95 (new feature) Various changes to define shortcuts to commands
by adding them to the popup menu.

25/8/95 (bug fix) Cache include and library paths between configure
runs.

22/8/95 (bug fix) Fixed a bug in the stripchart and barchart code
where the first scale line was drawn below the bounding box. The
solution is simple: Never draw the first scale line.

14/8/95 (new feature) Various changes to allow compilation in other
directories using the VPATH and SRC_DIR variables.

9/8/95 (big fix) Fixed a bug in the SelectLabel proc. It did not find
the label associated with an icon.

27/7/95 (new feature) Button-2 on the canvas background now allows to
move the whole map.

18/7/95 (feature change) Changed the accelerater bindings to avoid any
conflicts with standard emacs editing bindings.

26/6/95 (bug fix) Fixed the code to not draw more striplines than can
be displayed on the X server.

16/6/95 (bug fix) We now use Tcl_CreatePipeline() to start
applications.

16/6/95 (bug fix) An ugly binding to process X11 destroy events.

15/6/95 (new feature) Added a wrap option to the LOG object and make
no wrap the default.

4/6/95 (bug fix) Resizing strip- or barcharts is now working
again. Reference objects can be opened in a new or in the current view.

10/5/95 (bug fix) Empty groups are handled correctly now.

7/5/95 (bug fix) Now always dump the complete map as PostScript (-x
and -y options added).

4/5/95 (code cleanup) Renamed all bitmaps from *.bm to *.xbm.

4/5/95 (performance improvement) Turned the internally used Tcl lists
into pointer arrays to make the C code faster and easier to write.

4/5/95 (feature removed) Removed the code to alter the label on the
canvas. Use the Edit Attributes command provided by the popup menu
instead.

4/5/95 (feature change) Started to change the default bindings on the
canvas. I also turned the Alter tool into a Resize tool as the old
alter functionality is now in the right mouse binding.

3/4/95 (bug fix) Fixed Tool::Find to only accept items near the
cursor.

25/3/95 (code cleanup) Started to convert Tkined to the Tcl/Tk coding
styles. Made Tkined compile with tk4.0b3.

23/3/95 (bug fix) Added a call to parent_resize(). Otherwise, an
expanded group wont be resized if a member is deleted.

19/3/95 (bug fix) Fixed a free(NULL) problem in the stripchart
and the barchart code.

18/3/95 (code cleanup) Replaced all xmalloc() calls etc. with
ckalloc() and friends.

4/2/95 (new feature) Some initial code to display some basic
html. Needs a lot of more work. Perhaps we should use one of
the free HTML extensions to Tcl.

4/2/95 (feature change) Flash all the parents of an object if an
object is invisible. This makes collapsed groups flashing if one of
its member is flashing.

29/1/95 (bug fix) Text views now save the current directory in the
filename attribute.

29/1/95 (performance improvement) The command buffer is now
dynamically allocated. This saves about 200 bytes for most tkined
objects.

29/1/95 (new feature) Renamed the view menu to an option menu and
added a locking mode that allows to protect a map agains modifications.

28/1/95 (new feature) Added HTML and DATA objects. HTML objects will
replace the LOG object and DATA objects will be used to replace
STRIPCHART, BARCHART and GRAPH objects.

7/1/95 (new feature) Added expand/collapse to the group alter popup
menu.

5/1/95 (feature change) Reworked some menus to make them more uniform
and replaced the button on the LOG windows with a menu bar.

5/1/95 (code cleanup) Ported most stuff to tk4.0. Removed the compat
directory, removed the em_bind.tcl code and rewrote many pieces of Tcl
code to work with tk4.0.

4/1/95 (bug fix) Fixed the fclose bug which caused some core dumps.

----------------- Released 1.2.0, 19/12/94 -----------------------

19/12/94 (feature change) Moved the initialization tcl code into
init.tcl which load site/init.tcl to allow site specific
customization.

8/12/94 (feature change) Changed the dialogs to show the default
button on the left side (where most people expect it ...)

8/12/94 (bug fix) Interpreter started while loading a saved maps are
destroyed when the view is cleared.

8/12/94 (new feature) Added the history command to the File menu as I
was tired of typing file names or using the ugly file selector.

4/12/94 (feature change) Read tkined.defaults from
/usr/local/lib/tkined/ and /usr/local/lib/tkined/site/ to allow site
specific definitions.

3/12/94 (code cleanup) Changed the installation procedure: bitmaps
files are copied to /usr/local/lib/tkined/bitmaps and applications are
searched in /usr/local/lib/tkined/apps.

20/11/94 (code cleanup) Updated the configure scripts to autoconf-2.1.

1/11/94 (code cleanup) Added a --with-auto-load option which will
setup a Makefile that builds a tkined binary which loads the *.tcl
files during startup. Useful for tkined hackers.

27/10/94 (new feature) Added a new object type called GRAPH. A GRAPH
object is shown using the BLT extension (required to use GRAPH
objects) to draw xy graphs in a diagram window.

27/10/94 (bug fix) Fixed a quoting bug that killed labels with "
characters. There were also some error returns missing. This may
break scripts that expect that ined commands never return an
error. These scripts may need some fixing, sorry.

26/10/94 (bug fix) Fixed the initialization of a new interpreter
object so that exiting processes that do not talk to tkined at all are
handled correctly.

7/10/94 (bug fix) Added a terminal server icon that was listed in
tkined.defaults but not really available.

29/9/94 (new feature) Added a join and leave command to the structure
menu to allow modifications of the group member relationship.

29/9/94 (new feature) Added m_parent() and a parent command.

29/9/94 (bug fix) Fixed the handling of the TKINED_PATH search path.

23/9/94 (new feature) Hacked m_member to add and remove objects to an
existing group. Needs some speed up and some Tk code to be usable.

6/9/94 (bug fix) Replaced the 'random placement' proc tkined_makemenu
in Editor.tcl for creating submenus with a working version.

1/9/94 (bug fix) Fixed the broken dialog in tkined_print.

1/9/94 (bug fix) Check the header of saved tkined files for the magic
words tkined version to make sure we load something reasonable.

1/9/94 (bug fix) Fixed the LOG::save method. The dialog asking how to
handle existing files did not appear. I also added an option to append
to an existing file.

29/8/94 (bug fix) Always initialize the color attribute with black and
the font attribute to fixed. Some applications got confused with empty
colors.

28/8/94 (bug fix) Fixed a race condition in flash.c that stopped
flashing sometimes.

27/8/94 (bug fix) Changed the icon flash code to use the color of an
object if running on a color display.

27/8/94 (bug fix) Overlapping icons were not handled correctly in the
Alter and Link tools. I rewrote the code to find the topmost object on
the canvas.

27/8/94 (bug fix) Fixed a bug in Editor::postscript. The postscript
proc tried to set the outline color of a text instead of the clipbox.

----------------- Released 1.0, 26/8/94 -----------------------

25/8/94 (bug fix) Changing colors on strip- and barchart now
works. This allows me to flash strip- and barcharts.

24/8/94 (new feature) Added dialogs to the alter tool that can be used
to create, edit or delete attributes for an object.

22/8/94 (feature change) Renamed the ida and idb link attributes to
src and dst.

12/8/94 (code cleanup) Rewrote Objects.tcl which is now much smaller
and at least as fast as the old version.

12/8/94 (code cleanup) Changed tkined to always use X11 font name, X11
color names and bitmap file names internally. This makes saved maps
independent of user defined menus.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

12/8/94 (code cleanup) Removed the 'ined text' command for all objects
other than text objects. Use the generic attribute commmand instead.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

12/8/94 (feature change) Converted strip- and barcharts to real
objects. They can't be linked anymore.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

12/8/94 (new feature) Added a flash command to let tkined flash
icons. This can be used by applications to indicate error state on
color and monochrome displays.

12/8/94 (new feature) Added a generic attribute command to let
applications define any attribute they need.

5/8/94 (feature change) Renamed TOOL objects to MENU to get rid of the
old naming convention that was a little bit crazy.

5/8/94 (bug fix) Fixed a bug that affected links with one fixed point.

4/8/94 (bug fix) Fixed some minor bugs which make multi line labels
work.

4/8/94 (code cleanup) Renamed the procs in tkined_tool.tcl. All tool
names conform to the format Tool::<toolname> which increases
readability.

4/8/94 (new feature) Added an 'ined text' command to set the text
attribute of node, group, network and reference objects. I also
changed the 'ined label' command to not accept a text argument
anymore.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

4/8/94 (feature change) Moved the Label submenu to the structure menu
and the grid commands from the structure to the edit menu.

2/8/94 (bug fix) Added code to close unused file descriptors after
forking a new process.

2/8/94 (code cleanup) Added a socketpair(2) replacement using pipe(2)
for SCO based on a patch by Juergen Luksch (luksch@telenet.de).

2/8/94 (feature change) Changed the syntax of the ined request
command. The last argument is now a list of buttons that should appear
below the text given by the other args. This makes dialogs more
flexible. I also added support for check button.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

2/8/94 (feature change) Changed the syntax of the ined list
command. The last argument is now a list of buttons that should appear
below the text given by the other args. This makes dialogs more
flexible.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

1/8/94 (feature change) Changed the syntax of the ined confirm
command. The last argument is now a list of buttons that should appear
below the text given by the other args. This makes dialogs more
flexible.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***	  

30/7/94 (code cleanup) Renamed the commands to conform to the format
Command::<cmdname>, which increases readability.

25/7/94 (new feature) Added an 'ined stripchart <id> jump <num>'
command to set how much pixels are scrolled. Fixed a bug that did not
allow to put objects on the border of the page.

22/7/94 (new feature) Added a new `ined postscript' command. This
allows an application to retrieve the current map in graphical format
and to convert it to something like gif using ghostscript. The
implementation add a new method e_postscript() to an editor object.

18/7/94 (bug fix) For every trace written to an interpreter we call
Tk's update command to process incoming ined queue messages.  This is
*very* slow but I don't know how to fix this problem without changing
the protocol.

18/7/94 (bug fix) Added a check to expand() to ignore unnecessary
calls to methods that won't change anything.

14/7/94 (code cleanup) Removed trace_s() and trace_sl() and rewrote
the trace() function. This is the generic solution.

14/7/94 (code cleanup) Added some new functions trace_s and trace_sl
to write trace messages with appended strings and appended lists
correctly by using DStrings.

12/7/94 (bug fix) Labels written to the text attribute of objects are
stored when a map is dumped.

12/7/94 (bug fix) Changed some dump functions to append proper list
elements. This solves some problems with strings containing quote
characters.

12/7/94 (new feature) Changed the dump functions to save the data
stored in strip- or barcharts. This allows me to connect to a tkined
editor and download the current status.

8/7/94 (new feature) Objects can now be alligned on a grid using two
new commands: 'Set Grid Spacing' and 'Align to Grid'.  (I can't
remember how I lived without them :-)

8/7/94 (new feature) Added a width and height attribute to
tkined.defaults that defines the initial size of the tkined window.

6/7/94 (new feature) There is a new ined command that generates a
sequence of tcl statements to rebuild an arbitrary object. The syntax
is `ined dump <id>' and returns a single line. The contents is the
same as used to write tkined map files.

6/7/94 (new feature) Added a -notrace option to the ined commands.

6/7/94 (performance improvement) Replaced some calls to Tcl_Eval by
calling the C function directly. Also added lappend() and ldelete() to
make list handling of object references faster.

4/7/94 (feature change) The semantic of the ined send command was
broken. If called without further arguments, e.g. ined send foobar,
tkined appended the list of currently selected objects automatically.
This is not what we expect from it.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***   

4/7/94 (bug fix) Added a wrapper xwrite() to replace write() calls
with a more fail save version needed by some ugly machines.

24/6/94 (new feature) Added a scale command to the edit menu to set
the scale factor used by strip- and barcharts. Also fixed a bug in the
scale tool which scaled always down to the maximum value of a strip-
or barchart.

20/5/94 (feature change) Chanced the ined restart command. New
commands will be replaced instead of appending them. A call without
any arguments returns the current list. This allows an application to
add and remove entries as it prefers.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

21/5/94 (new feature) Added hierarchical menus to external tools using
the same syntax, e.g. "ined create TOOL foo bar:cmd1 bar:cmd2" will
create a submenu bar with containg the commands cmd1 and cmd2.

21/5/94 (feature change) Renamed the file select dialog to make it
accessible for applications that talk to tkined. There is now an easy
way to see and go back the directory path.

21/5/94 (new feature) Added a button to freeze/melt a log window and
replace a call to regexp with something faster in C.

1/5/94 (new feature) Set the scale factor in the scale dialog
dynamically.

17/4/94 (new feature) Added hierarchical menus to the icon, font and
color menus.

10/4/94 (code cleanup) Renamed the procs that implement the dialogs to
Dialog::<type>. Additional dialogs can now be defined by simply
writing another Dialog::<type> proc.

9/4/94 (code cleanup) Rearranged the code that dumps objects into
asccii strings. This makes the dump methods smaller.

25/3/94 (new feature) Added the new object type REFERENCE.

24/3/94 (new feature) Accept URL file names. A simple ftp interface
allows me to retrieve files via ftp and put it into tkined.

24/3/94 (new feature) Added a new command to bind commands to text
strings in a LOG window.

24/3/94 (feature change) The ined append command does not append a
newline character automatically anymore.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

----------------- Released 0.9, 9/3/94 -----------------------

26/2/94 (code cleanup) Removed ined.tcl from the tkined sources. It is
now part of scotty since it uses the scotty event loop. Hence there
is no reason to distribute it with tkined.

24/2/94 (bug fix) Added some code to check some buffer overflow
conditions. This should make tkined save even when used with very
large groups or while processing ined command with extremely large
arguments.

22/2/94 (feature change) Changed the name of the default entries in
tkined.defaults. Node icons are now set using tkined.node entries and
group icons are set using tkined.group entries.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

----------------- Released 0.8, 19/2/94 -----------------------

18/2/94 (bug fix) The delete command on a group object now really
deletes the whole group. Previous versions simply ungrouped the
object, which is an error.

18/2/94 (bug fix) Any object can be a member of exactly one
group. Previous versions allowed to put one object into more than one
group, but they did not handle them correctly. Now tkined enforces a
strict hierarchy.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

16/2/94 (bug fix) Fixed a bug in ined.tcl that sometimes delayed
command processing. The command buffer was not flushed after a tkined
command was received while the interpreter was waiting for an ined ok
or ined error message.

16/2/94 (new feature) Added a new ined command: ined restart <args>
writes a command string to tkined. Tkined creates code to reinstall
running scripts when saving a configuration. The args will be send to
a restarted tkined interpreter to reinitialize it. See the
ip_monitor.tcl script on how to make use of this feature.

16/2/94 (new feature) Networks with one segment are now resizable
using the alter tool.

15/2/94 (new feature) Added a select by label command.

11/2/94 (code cleanup) Rewrote the clipboard handling. Now the editor
has a function to evaluate the clipboard. This mechanism is also used
to load a saved tkined map file.

8/2/94 (new feature) Some minimal support for legal and letter page
sizes.

8/2/94 (feature change) Moved all menus provided by external
interpreters into the menu bar. Rearranged some menus in a new way to
reduce the amount of space occupied in the menu bar.  And I added a
command to hide and show the complete toolbox.

6/2/94 (bug fix) The editor does not allow to move objects outside of
the canvas anymore. But it is still possible to loose objects when
reducing the page size.

4/2/94 (code cleanup) Changed the naming convention: All Tk procs that
implement methods of tkined objects are named using the convention
<TYPE>::<OPERATION>, e.g. the move operation is implemented using
NODE::move, GROUP::move, etc.

2/2/94 (code cleanup) All tools and commands are called with an editor
argument. This makes coding of editor specific commands in C
straightforward.

2/2/94 (feature change) Renamed the label tool. Now it is called alter
tool and supports altering of text objects and resizing of strip- or
barchart objects.

2/2/94 (bug fix) Updated the stripchart and barchart canvas items
written by Guntram Hueske (hueske@ibr.cs.tu-bs.de).

----------------- Released 0.7, 9/1/94 -----------------------

9/1/94 (performance improvement) Rewrote the m_group_move() and the
m_collapse() methods to speed things up.

30/12/93 (feature removed) Removed the piechart. It was never useful
since you had to guess the meaning of a slide. Better use barcharts.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

30/12/93 (new feature) Added the new stripchart and barchart canvas
item written by Guntram Hueske (hueske@ibr.cs.tu-bs.de).

28/12/1993 (new feature) Added a log object that creates a new top
level window which may be used to log information. The contents can be
saved or send via email to someone you love.

6/12/93 (code cleanup) The Tcl part of tkined is now compiled into the
binary. This allows us to have multiple versions around and hopefully
solves some installation problems.

23/11/93 (feature change) The open command of the file menu now clears
the current map. The merge command can be used to add objects of
another map.

----------------- Released 0.6, 8/10/93 -----------------------

4/8/93 (new feature) ined trace command added.

3/8/93 (feature change) Changed the ined browse command to interpret
the first lines as headings. The text to browse must be contained in
the list of the last argument.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

3/8/93 (bug fix) Tools of exiting interpreters are silently removed.

30/9/93 (new feature) Support for scale and radio button in a request
dialog.

23/9/93 (new feature) Print command added to the file menu.

22/9/93 (code cleanup) Most commands of utils.tcl are now in the
tkined core.

----------------- Released 0.5, 31/8/93 -----------------------

31/8/93 (feature change) The text of a text label is not saved
anymore. This seems useful to get rid of status messages generate by
external tools.

23/8/93 (new feature) Added the size command. It reports the size even
if the object is currently invisible. This is needed by the network
layout algorithms to allocate space for the object.

23/8/93 (feature change) Changed the ined select command. There is now
a select and an unselect command. This is much easier to use then a
single command that toggles the selection state. The command ined
select clear is no longer allowed.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

21/8/93 (feature change) The ined commands retrieve, select and delete
are now restricted to accept only a single argument.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

20/8/93 (performance improvement) Move the proc's to compute the link
position to C. This makes tkined_misc obsolete. I took the time to
change the algorithm a little bit. Links connected to networks with
fixed points now guess if they really should use horizontal or
vertical lines.

20/8/93 (new feature) Menus defined in the tkined.defaults file now
support separators. This makes large menus more readable.

19/8/93 (feature change) 'ined create TOOL ...' now returns an id for
the new tool. To delete the tool, you now have to use the standard
command 'ined delete <id>'.
*** POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY ***

16/8/93 (new feature) Hacked an ined procedure that is used when
loading saved images. It uses a global variable and a guess for
setting the canvas right. Ugly - but it works.

16/8/93 (performance improvement) Rewrote tkined_mark_item in C to
speed things up. (Still slow on large selections but mainly because I
add so many new objects.)

15/8/93 (new feature) group, ungroup, expand and collapse are finished.

15/8/93 (feature change) New NODE, NETWORK and GROUP objects always
get a label.

15/8/93 (bug fix) The text tool now uses the correct color and font
when you type text.

15/8/93 (performance improvement) Finished the re-implementation of
the object handling stuff as ordinary C code. This major step provides
some improvements: 1)
tkined does not need the addinput patch anymore
2) implementation of grouped objects is much easier since objects save
their state even if they are invisible 3) speed up. Moving critical
parts (like computation of the link position) to C code is now very
easy.

----------------- Released 0.4, 16/7/93 -----------------------
